README.md, before:

# Deep ANPR

Using neural networks to build an automatic number plate recognition system.
See [this blog post](http://matthewearl.github.io/2016/05/06/cnn-anpr/) for an
explanation.

Usage is as follows:

1. `./extractbgs.py SUN397.tar.gz`: Extract ~3GB of background images from the [SUN database](http://groups.csail.mit.edu/vision/SUN/)
   into `bgs/`. (`bgs/` must not already exist.) The tar file (36GB) can be [downloaded here](http://vision.princeton.edu/projects/2010/SUN/SUN397.tar.gz).
   This step may take a while as it will extract 108,634 images.

2. `./gen.py 1000`: Generate 1000 test set images in `test/`. (`test/` must not
    already exist.) This step requires `UKNumberPlate.ttf` to be in the current
    directory, which can be [downloaded here](http://www.dafont.com/uk-number-plate.font).

3. `./train.py`: Train the model. A GPU is recommended for this step.

4. `./detect.py in.jpg weights.npz out.jpg`: Detect number plates in an image.

The project has the following dependencies:

* [TensorFlow](https://tensorflow.org)
* OpenCV
* NumPy

Commit message:

Update README with paragraph about practicality, and how long training takes

README.md, after:

# Deep ANPR

Using neural networks to build an automatic number plate recognition system.
See [this blog post](http://matthewearl.github.io/2016/05/06/cnn-anpr/) for an
explanation.

**Note: This is an experimental project and is incomplete in a number of ways,
if you're looking for a practical number plate recognition system this project
is not for you.** If however you've read the above blog post and wish to tinker
with the code, read on.  If you're really keen you can tackle some of the
enhancements on the Issues page to help make this project more practical.
Please comment on the relevant issue if you plan on making an enhancement and
we can talk through the potential solution.

Usage is as follows:

1. `./extractbgs.py SUN397.tar.gz`: Extract ~3GB of background images from the [SUN database](http://groups.csail.mit.edu/vision/SUN/)
   into `bgs/`. (`bgs/` must not already exist.) The tar file (36GB) can be [downloaded here](http://vision.princeton.edu/projects/2010/SUN/SUN397.tar.gz).
   This step may take a while as it will extract 108,634 images.

2. `./gen.py 1000`: Generate 1000 test set images in `test/`. (`test/` must not
    already exist.) This step requires `UKNumberPlate.ttf` to be in the current
    directory, which can be [downloaded here](http://www.dafont.com/uk-number-plate.font).

3. `./train.py`: Train the model. A GPU is recommended for this step. It will
   take around 100,000 batches to converge. When you're satisfied that the
   network has learned enough press `Ctrl+C` and the process will write the
   weights to `weights.npz` and return.

4. `./detect.py in.jpg weights.npz out.jpg`: Detect number plates in an image.

The project has the following dependencies:

* [TensorFlow](https://tensorflow.org)
* OpenCV
* NumPy
